hi I'm a sucker for the oceans trilogy I
even like the og one right so needless
to say I was excited for this one I'm
not the biggest fan of giving women male
hand-me-downs with these remakes I
respect women they deserve their own
original franchises but this also kind
of had like a stat cast so I was
expecting it to be a rented it was a
rented for me cuz you know was gonna
have these crazy dumb twists and turns
and some that were ruined when they
released the poster
let me explain if you ever watch the
Ocean's eleven twelve or thirteen you
know that they didn't skip the first ten
the numbers actually are based off of
the number of people who are involved in
the heist and since Danny ocean is the
leader they're his number of people
hence Ocean's eleven you know it's kind
of like the Reese's debate cuz it eight
Reese's it's mr. Reese's candy anyway
he's turns out that Danny actually has a
sister since heist and runs in the
family
she was dating some art dude who's
straight-up Barney Stinson Durance
assigning her name while they were doing
some art fraud deals and she was the one
who got cut and she ended up with five
years in jail moment she gets out of
jail she just started stealing again
turns out that you can do this thing
where if you go shopping and you pick up
some stuff around the store you just go
up to the front counter pretend like
you're returning the items without a
receipt then when they tell you you
can't do that you just get mad at for a
bag and walk out it does not work that's
why this videos late it also turns out
that Danny is dead
for whatever reason now you can see this
says Danny just faking his death he's
pulling a Dark Knight Rises and is out
there somewhere drinking something
espresso in a foreign country but like
this movie had also promised a bunch of
cameos from the originals and we really
only get two they're not even from like
the top half of the 11 in my opinion as
much as I wanted Clooney or Pitt to make
a cameo in this movie it kind of seems
like they said no which kind of make
some of the lines in this movie a little
bit more interesting like at one point
met David even came out and said yes I
definitely have a cameo in this and then
a petition happened and they got rid of
him you know I'm tired of saving Damon
too but like an online petition by the
way they go full female planners to
steal and a hundred and fifty million
dollar diamond necklace off of Anne
Hathaway at the Met Gala and this just
so happens to be the plan one they hire
mrs. Burton who's a fashion designer in
debt so she needs the money to be Anne's
designer for the events she then
requests the necklace and literally
convinces Cartier
allow them to use it because I kid you
not people like the me goes and every
other rapper is mispronouncing their
name and and this would elevate their
status they also hire Rihanna's a hacker
and I love Rihanna and she's good in
this movie but they do her dirty they
got her video files tagged as JPEGs they
do the generic typing thing where she's
trying to get on the computer and
literally it's just a Facebook page
refreshing they get an Emmy winner to
pose for Vogue so that was she's able to
get him on the list to get it in Cate
Blanchett then plays the chef who
poisons and soups so she has to go puke
in the bathroom Dasani over here is the
pickpocketer who takes it off her neck
while she's hurling telly is a jewel ooh
who takes it apart so they can all wear
the pieces right out of the Meg Ella and
Sandra Bullock is the one who not only
steals the rest of the Joe's when no
one's looking but also blames it all on
her ex who put her in jail in the first
place
of course she may be wondering well I
mean there's only 7 it's supposed to be
a who in the Anne Hathaway the big
choice that was spoiled in the first
vote so they released is that it's Anne
Hathaway who joins them in Juicy 8th
females are supposed to be the smarter
ones out of the 47 genders that we have
in 2018 and y'all released the trailer
and stills that not only shows the final
act of the movie but that spoils your
own twist here Anne Hathaway ends up
being with them because she realizes
what's going on after the heist and she
decides that she wants to join them
because of the flash excuse stop right
there I'm in you are yeah I need friends
ma'am
forget the fact that she's a
high-profile celebrity whatever she
joins him very but to get away with it
especially because Sandra has ties with
the investigator who's looking through
everything mr. British Sherlock over
here and he literally helps the criminal
out because he's bored of being in the
u.s. so he's able to blame it on her
ex-fiance
I don't expect these movies to be
perfect right I actually like this one
for the most part for the dumb fun that
it is I would rank it third out of the
four but it is one of those were you
questioned how there's celebrities at
the Met Gala and they name-drop people
like t-swift
yet rihanna is a part of the heist I
mean I guess Ocean's Twelve did do that
whole entire thing where Julia Roberts
cosplayed as Julia Roberts so maybe
they're all just doppelgangers of each
other it just makes me wonder how you
can end this movie bite
dead george clooney at his grave that he
would be proud of it if he would have
seen when the man didn't even want to
show up thank you guys for checking out
this video I'm curious to know your
thoughts you know I would say out of all
the female remakes the female reboots
that they've been doing again I still
stand by have them do their own original
series push them that way
but this would be the best out of the
bunch it is dump has definitely a lot of
moments that make no sense there's a
point where they're using selfie sticks
to cover up some of the cameras but it's
like brah there's another camera on the
other side isn't that one camera
catching you put in this I don't know
it's still done fun I think it's
enjoyable for what it's meant to be some
frustrating parts
I don't know I'm curious to know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll send you a card er
watch